hey guys what's going on - monkey here
and I'm here to show you how to get the
tsunami bullet skin 4-0 so what you're
going to do is go to wildlife
exploitation Preserve and you're gonna
run through all the way to the very end
if you saw my one video about the son of
Mothra you're gonna have to go farm him
he's the one that you get the skin from
any randomly drops it like if you kill
them like ten times you might not drop
it but there's like a possible chance
that he might so you just keep out
farming farming and farming but there's
too many things that happen in it that
it's actually one of the harder skins to
get so one main problem that I want to
warn you about is that the floor there
is some problems with the collision on
the floor so items actually fall through
the floor so you'll have to like try and
get items to drop on buildings I think
people were saying like recommended
doing it on buildings I would just pick
up the items in midair as fast as like
when you kill him they drop kinda so you
can kind of grab them in midair but
that's really difficult so I was lucky
to get it I don't know how I got it but
I might have gotten it from a friend or
something but it's a difficult one to
get I'm telling you this ahead of time
so just when he drops it try and get it
on a building or something else that's
not right on the floor because it falls
through anyways
am I gonna let you guys keep watching
this and you'll see the kill and
everything but I'm gonna go because it's
still got like a minute and a half left
probably a minute but you can skip
forward to now just because it's just
running there and I'll talk to you guys
later remember to rate comment and
subscribe thanks for watching guys
[Music]